feat(pipelines): allow disabling use of change sets (#21619)
aws/aws-cdk: packages/@aws-cdk/pipelines/README.md

});
```

> Deployment is done by default with `CodePipeline` engine by first generating

Reviewer: Is this the most logical place in this README to add this content? I feel a separate section might be better.

> change set, and then executing it. This allow to add e.g. approval before 

Reviewer: Please proof-read your README section once more before submitting.

```suggestion
a change set, and then executing it. This allows you to add e.g. approval before 
```

----------

The reason we have changeset + execute is not (just) for approval steps. Like I said in a comment to the original issue, certain CloudFormation features require a ChangeSet. Hence, it's only fair to list here what features you will be unable to use if you disable the prepare step.

Author: Is there somewhere list of those or documentation about features that require change set? Dynamic referring is only one mentioned in issue.

Reviewer 2: The list has not been added to documentation.
Below in this review, @rix0rrr, you say:

>  I'm told I'm wrong and direct deployments should just work, so the only reason to have changesets might just be to add an approval step.

Is this confirmed that this is the only difference?
(we are using a 30 stacks pipeline, without need for approval step, and saving 1 minute per stack when they are not updated is enormous - it seems to work without any side-effect for now)

actual deployment happens. On the other hand this prevents to retry the 
deployment, as change set can't be re-generated if execution of it fails for
any reason. Deployment can be done as single step by setting 
`CodePipelineProps.prepareStep` to false (for whole pipeline). It's also 
possible to change default functionality per stage (with 
`StageOptions.prepareStep`) or per stack in stage (with
`StageOptions.prepareStepForStacks`). See examples from tests:

- [whole pipeline](./test/integ.pipeline-without-prepare.ts)
- [single stage](./test/integ.pipeline-stage-without-prepare.ts)

> - [single stack in stage](./test/integ.pipeline-stage-stack-without-prepare.ts)

Reviewer: These relative hyperlinks will only work on GitHub. 

* They do not work here: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.pipelines-readme.html
* They do not work here: https://www.npmjs.com/package/@aws-cdk/pipelines

Instead, put in a code example directly that showcases how to use this feature in a simple way. It's okay to not cover every permutation.

});
```

#### Deploying without change sets

Deployment is done by default with `CodePipeline` engine using change sets, 
i.e. to first create a change set and then execute it. This allows you to:

- have approval before actual deployment happens

> - include [dynamic references](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/dynamic-references.html) 

Reviewer 3: From the linked doc:

> When you use a dynamic reference, CloudFormation retrieves the value of the specified reference when necessary during _stack_ and change set operations.

Sort of sounds like normal stack operations also support them.  Was anyone able to try to see if it's a problem (or past experience)? I fully realize that the docs just might not reflect the reality of things.

Reviewer 3: Oh gees, this added me as a reviewer, sorry. Please feel free to ignore.

Author: I think one example that can't be done with normal stack is that you have some value in secrets manager that you want to use at created resource, but resource itself doesn't support references. So e.g. with CodeBuild and ECS you can refer to secrets manager value with ARN, but if you make e.g. OIDC authentication at ALB level, you can only provide strings. With changeset it's possible to get the secret to ALB without having it in the template

Docker can be used in 3 different places in the pipeline:

> - If you are using Docker image assets in your application stages: Docker will

Reviewer: Why this change?

Author: This came automatically with markdownlint.
